Add FHIR documentation (#2615)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/fhir-connector/fhir-connector-example.md

> **Note**: If no ID element is provided, or the value is wrong, the server responds with a HTTP 400 error code and provides an operation outcome identifying the issue.

Before you start configuring the FHIR connector, you also need WSO2 MI, and we refer to that location as `<PRODUCT_HOME>`.

> Specific message builders/formatters configuration needs to be enabled in the product as shown below before starting the WSO2 MI server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting the product, you need to enable configurations for specific message builders/formatters.
```

> Specific message builders/formatters configuration needs to be enabled in the product as shown below before starting the WSO2 EI service.

Reviewer 2: EI Service ?

> If you are using **EI7**, you need to enable this property by adding the following to the **<PRODUCT_HOME>/conf/deployment.toml** file. You can further refer to the [Working with Message Builders and Formatters](../../../references/config-catalog/#http-transport) and [Product Configurations](../../micro-integrator/setup/message_builders_formatters/message-builders-and-formatters/) documentations.

Reviewer 2: enable which property ?

```
[[custom_message_builders]]
content_type = "application/fhir+json"
class = "org.wso2.micro.integrator.core.json.JsonStreamBuilder"
[[custom_message_formatters]]
content_type = "application/fhir+json"
class = "org.wso2.micro.integrator.core.json.JsonStreamFormatter"
```

> If you are using **EI 6**, you can enable this property by doing the following Axis2 configurations in the **<PRODUCT_HOME>\repository\conf\axis2\axis2.xml** file.

Reviewer 2: we are giving both windows and linux paths. shall we just give only linux path.

Also do we need to mention about EI 6, in this doc 
@nilminiwso2

Reviewer: Yes, we need to. For connector docs, our approach is to provide docs for the connector version, regardless of which version of EI is used. So even though this resides in the 7.x space, it is still relevant.
